Create rule S6410 (#741)
SonarSource/rspec: rules/S6410/terraform/description.adoc

> TLS configuration of Google Cloud load balancers are defined through SSL policies. There are three managed profiles to choose from: COMPATIBLE (default), MODERN and RESTRICTED.
> The COMPATIBLE profile enables weak cipher suites and should not be used by applications that enforce the best security standards.
> 
> Choosing MODERN or RESTRICTED profile will disable cipher suites that rely on RSA for key exchange. This key exchange is weak because it doesn't provide forward secrecy.
> In practice, forward secrecy prevents attackers from decrypting communication that happened in the past if the server's private key is ever compromised.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
TLS configuration of Google Cloud load balancers is defined through SSL policies. There are three managed profiles to choose from: `COMPATIBLE` (default), `MODERN` and `RESTRICTED`:

* The `RESTRICTED` profile relies only on secure cipher suites and should be used by applications requiring high compliance to security standards.  
* The `MODERN` profile includes additional cipher suites that present security weaknesses like the use of  `SHA1` algorithm.
* The `COMPATIBLE` profile offers the most common cipher suites and thus a broader compatibility but a lot of them present security weaknesses like the use of  `SHA1` or `3DES` algorithms and doesn't offer forward secrecy encryption feature.
```

I spent some time to rephrase it, but I am not satisfied with my version, I will stop trying. I let you adjust if you think it's necessary. The problems I saw in your initial description are the following:
- RSA is still used in MODERN and RESTRICTED profiles, [see](https://cloud.google.com/load-balancing/docs/ssl-policies-concepts#profilefeaturesupport) for instance `TLS_ECDHE_RSA_WITH_AES_128_GCM_SHA256` 
- the MODERN profile also offers weak cipher suite like https://ciphersuite.info/cs/TLS_ECDHE_RSA_WITH_AES_128_CBC_SHA/

Reviewer 2: RSA key are safe to be use what is not is to rely on it as key exchange mechanism and that's what all cipher suite starting with "TLS_RSA" do. "TLS_ECDHE_RSA" also rely on RSA key but use ECDHE as key exchange mechanism.
It's a bit hard to explain this.

I think what you wrote is good and I will use it. 
Based on what you wrote I realize that we should probably raise when `MODERN` because of cipher suites using SHA1 for signing. What do you think?

Reviewer 2: From what I understand, RSA key are safe to be use. What is not is to rely on RSA as a key exchange mechanism and that's what all cipher suite starting with "TLS_RSA" do. "TLS_ECDHE_RSA" also rely on RSA key but use ECDHE as key exchange mechanism.

I think what you wrote is good and I will apply it.
Based on what you wrote I realize that we should probably raise when MODERN because of cipher suites using SHA1 for signing. What do you think?

Reviewer: I think yes we should raise on `MODERN` in particular to be consistent with the title of the rule "should not offer weak cipher suites"
